README.md, before:

<img width="334" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-06 at 8 38 45 p m" src="https://github.com/AlexDevMobile/AlexDevMobile/assets/23038676/a490419c-23f9-47a9-acdc-ae4370850e21">


# Hello, world! 👋

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm Alex (or Lemus), a passionate mobile developer with a love for innovation and creating impactful applications. My goal is to blend creativity, functionality, and performance in every project I undertake.

## About Me

- 💼 Currently working as a mobile developer.
- 🎓 Graduated from the National Technological University of Mexico, León Campus, with a specialization in software development.
- 💻 Experienced in developing native applications for Android and iOS, as well as using cross-platform technologies like Xamarin, React Native, and Flutter.
- 🚀 Passionate about exploring new technologies and constantly learning to improve my skills.

## Contact

I'd love to connect with you! You can find me on:

- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alejandro-lemus-rodríguez-5711ba141)
- Email: [alex.lemus.dev@gmail.com](mailto:alex.lemus.dev@gmail.com)

Feel free to send me a message if you have any questions or if you're interested in collaborating on a project.

Thanks for visiting my profile! 🌟

Commit message:

update profile: add website and remove image

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hello, world! I'm Alex Lemus

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm Alex (or Lemus), a passionate mobile developer who loves innovation and building impactful applications. My goal is to blend creativity, functionality, and performance in every project I work on.

## 🚀 About Me

- 💼 Currently working as a mobile developer.
- 🎓 Graduated from the National Technological University of Mexico, León Campus, with a specialization in software development.
- 💻 Experienced in developing native applications for Android and iOS, as well as using cross-platform technologies like Xamarin, React Native, and Flutter.
- 🌱 Always learning and exploring new technologies to improve my skills.

## 🌟 Featured Projects

- 🌐 **Personal website:** [alexlemus.dev](https://alexlemus.dev)
- 🛠️ **Dotfiles & setup:** [Dotfiles on GitHub](https://github.com/AlexLemus-Dev/dotfiles)

## 📫 Contact

I'd love to connect with you! You can find me at:

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alejandro-lemus-rodríguez-5711ba141)
- [Email](mailto:alex.lemus.dev@gmail.com)

Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or if you're interested in collaborating on a project!

---

Thanks for visiting my profile! 🚀
